All right.
So we're in it was this one called contains close Gnome's art.
So what we're doing here is we're taking in an array of values and we're also taking in a number and
we want to find out is that if the absolute difference if there is a a a that two values in here where
within our array where the absolute difference will ever equal our integer k but they cannot be on the
same exact position meaning that you know you can't add minus from 1 if mine is from the index that
you're on to get the value so that that's a that's not OK.
So in our example here can we ever get is equal to 2.
Orlicí let's use this for.
So the output should be equal 3 less than or equal.
By the way it's true because we can get 3 by 8 and 5 minus 2 or 2 minus 5 on get the absolute value
of the case using our return false because the absolute difference between the positions of two twos
is three.
OK.
So what we're going to do is your only hint is math that abs.
It's a little bit confusing.
I always have trouble explaining this when we throw in what so I do the J the K and the values but it's
really not that bad of a problem.
Our objective here is to find out that if if the indexes are not the same and if our values match what
are.
When we have matching values on different indexes.
What is the what is.
If the math thought absolute of minus J of the indexes is less or equal to K is true if none of them
pass fasces it's false.
So I don't know if I did an excellent job explaining that both just jump into the problem or Absolutely
I solve this was I essentially brute force.
It means that we're going to have a double nested array so go ahead and start there.
So for what I can say is less than zero is less than Gnome's length.
Plus plus.
All right.
And then we're going to do another four loop here were say Well J.
People it was 0 0 0 J is less than length J plus plus an R R read me and said we're basically going
to handle the true instances which mean that if we make it through here we're going to return false.
Now read me told us that we don't want them to have the same indexes.
So we can go ahead and start there with a hey if I.
Is not equal equal to J.
Deuce of stuff.
What does a stuff want to do.
Well it also told us that we want our values to be the same.
So from Gnome's I to.
And so you knew and if here say Gnome's Why is equally equal the gnome's J.
And that's true on those values were the indexes are the same.
We want to find out if the absolute value of excuse me of the if on the in the array the values on Gnome's
I A.J. if they match we one do we find out the absolute value of i minus J to see if that's less than
or equal to k.
That's our objective.
So the hardest part was just sort of deciphering this and you could see as I struggled to kind of explain
that began in the intro and now that we're here what we're trying to say now that we've done that is
just you need know the math.
Absolute is a thing we do I J.
And then we'll do less than or equal to K and spacier.
And to hear if we've made it here we've passed all our TRUE instances.
And so we're good right.
So this is one of those ones that was a bit harder just because it was a little bit more scientifically
mathy as I like to say in the example.
But if you could kind of I remember when I first solved it I kind of was ready three four five times.
I was like What the hell are they actually asking.
And so on but at the end of it not too bad.